docs: release notes patch 4.2.7 (#2105)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes.md

tags: ["release-notes"]
---

## January 25, 2024 - Release 4.2.7

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue that caused MinIO S3 URL setting to be missing in backup location settings

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused MinIO S3 URL setting to be missing in backup location settings.
```

- Fixed an issue that prohibited updating Helm packs in cluster profiles.
- Fixed an issue that caused certain OCI registries created before the Palette 4.2 upgrade to be unlisted.

> - Fixed an issue that caused HTTP 400 errors on Palette Console page due to cookie size limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused HTTP 400 errors when visiting the [Kubernetes Dashboard](./integrations/kubernetes-dashboard.md). The issue was caused by an internal cookie size limit that was insufficient for the Kubernetes Dashboard. 
```
The issue was related to a nginx configuration, so it's not really the Palette UI. Feel free to wordsmith further
